what is going on it is irks will teach
you guys how to duplicate creeper eggs
I've been seeing a lot of questions on
forums sites and youtube comment
sections so I'm going to teach you guys
how to do it cuz I know how all right so
we're going to need a grand ett in a
regular chest and a group rig doesn't
work all the time so you might need an
extra creep rig we're going to do you're
going to put the creeper egg inside the
chest and then you're like the TNT we're
going to do you're going to hover over
the creep Reagan spam one okay so it's
in it works we ought to try that again
do the same setup and put the creep
right inside and I do the same exact
thing and spam one over the prepreg all
right failed again okay I'm doing this
am I so right now and there'll be a link
in the description so you're gonna put
this in there and then do the same thing
over oh it's pretty bad i usually get it
first try but I don't know why it's not
working
okay I'm gonna puke who else wants to
pick with me all right that's no one
spam it all right there all right so you
see how there's two there's one there
and this one here you're the one on one
at least three chunks away and then
you're going to want to set this down
the ground up hmm all right and you just
keep running and running all right now
you're gonna put this on the ground all
right now you see how it place and I
still have the scraper you in your hand
got to go back to the station and set it
down over here back I don't know why
that happened why is ok well you're
gonna do you're going to want to make
this contraption right here can I do
you're gonna have a dropper ok then
you're going to want to make like a
repeater thing with redstone torches and
locks ok so you just go like that pretty
simple timer they're going to put some
redstone here and you see it's flashing
all right now it's powering the dropper
so you're going to want to put your
duplicated creeper egg in there and when
you're doing this good you have to make
sure that you don't have any creep rakes
in your inventory while you do it send
your when I going to put this in here
all right and now you see how it's
duplicating like a tons of creep rigs
and then you could just like put some
chest down maybe some hoppers and just
start duplicating and this ruined
service lawyer wouldn't recommend doing
it I'm just join you guys for purposes
of answering his questions all right so
um remember to comment like it subscribe
and really helped me out and if you
liked this tutorial share with your
friends and teach them how to do it and
that's all see up